Hello everyone.
Welcome back.
Today we're going to be exploring the medical fields but we're going to emphasize on the binary columns
in the last video we saw of these two groups from many binary variables that we're not able to explore.
Today we're going to dig deeper into those values by using Pinelands by charts are not the most descript
employer out there to use but they do serve is just fine.
The reason we care about these binary columns so much is because we must make sure that neither of them
that is so high that the smaller set is too small because of their response.
For example we don't want to have say only 50 rows which value zero and after 50 not have both possible
values that the term variable present.
For example you may just have on the series press there is a problem because it reached a milestone
in the binary column column of importance because no matter what the other feels is play.
If that column is value at zero it will force their response to also be zero in the prediction.
So the kinds of problems we want to make sure that the binary columns are useful to us and that they
can actually use them.
So let's be
the first step to getting the pie charts.
Each to subset the we cannot set for only the data sets that have the binary cause.
So I have the code right here which is a list of all the binary columns that we have when original data
set is a total of 17 of them and their housing is refer to it.
And so and so forth.
So I say that you are going to run it just fine.
Great.
The next step is going to be to actually copy the same code that we use for his to rest but instead
use it for questions.
So we go up here we copy code and we're going to make slight changes to the code.
Now the figure is still going to be the same figure for my screen.
We're going to rename that chart to Pitre distributions which use a little bit more clipboards doing
great.
Then because we only have 17 binary columns in question we don't need a 6 5 5 image.
We can use a six way three image which holds all of the 70 comes great.
And then we again plot it get rid of the y axis give it and subtitle for each of the pie charts and
we don't need the bouse bearable anymore.
So we get it now instead of the guilty.
Hey we're going to use a PI.
So this is how it works.
You wait for the first argument distribution's pretty much what the size of each slice of pie it's going
to be.
And those who are going to call out the first argument to the next we also want the labels we will then
make sure that each slice of the pie is lame.
So we're going to use the labels argument and we'll go set a to a variable.
So we're going to the point in this is when we use the PC argument that tells the Pitre how to display
the traditions and we won in distribution there is this play has a 1.1 meaning if Sloat or one this
actually.
So now you start getting the values in index for the balance each of the distribution of the column.
Question.
So we created by setting values because they say that suit which is the place that we're working with
we're going to subsetting using AILA who go all the rows and only call them question we're going to
get a distribution using value counts.
But we want the issues to not be numerical absolutes.
We want them to be percentages.
That is a very scriptural issue which is great.
So to get percentages instead we're going to use the argument normal US and we have to say to get this
gives the percentages and the final step or just to get the balance of this.
So now we can use this exact same code for.
We only have to replace values or index because this will give us the labels or the two different levels
of the binary scores.
Here's what we can say next.
And we are to the final step of the pie chart building process is just when we use the axes function
and say Augusta we all know what it does do.
This makes you that no x or y axis are shown on that image often but you can be displayed with X and
Y labels which is just a original picture that we want display by itself.
So that gets rid of that and we're ready to start running these both to see how you search.
So Scott OK and here's the result.
Excellent.
So we have a more descriptive pie distributions now and explore what this means.
The housing price tells us the distribution of the undisclosed versus the Disclose results.
The results are o rent or owner and the lower 48 percent maybe a little less than the undisclosed place
which is the one.
So the situation looks nice but there's nothing we are about as a percent it's not a small subset of
the population that we worry about.
Now we look at what user Andrew user is preferred in any of the other pictures that we find in this
image that are quite evenly balanced meaning that is a 50 or 30 distribution.
There is again nothing to worry about those traditions the ones that we really care about are the ones
that have a subset that is very very small of these those particular charts are waiting for own rejected
on left for one month.
By cancer alone and we have one or two more.
And why do we care about this right.
Well like I mentioned before we don't want these small subset for example the 0.1 percent way for them
to be so small such that there is not enough results for either both roles where the term variable is
zero and rather the term variable is one and the same can apply to the other small cells.
So we can explore this further to make sure that these columns are actually useful fields that we can
use in our model.
So let's explore those.
So we're done with the Pitre for a moment.
And we can explore those variables by subsetting them and doing a body chemistry as well.
Churn responses.
So this is how it works.
We will select the original dataset because that is the one that has the term variable included.
We're going to use this as a tool to index their results and in this case we're using the waiting for
them feel we're going in this when they were waiting for this one.
Those small subsets that we saw in the pie charts that we're going to extract from that do I value them
and that's what tells us all these rows we're waiting for is one what is the distribution of churn.
If there is a case in which there is only or 0 and 0 1 then these particular field is going to be a
fishy one and we may decide to skip it or use it.
So this runs great.
There are socialists.
There is a twenty seven to eight ratio here which is nothing crazy it's not even 50.
But it is not crazy to assume that there's going to be a bias in this particular deal.
Now when we talk like this seeing lines of code to the other fields that were in question.
Now instead of waiting for the phone in the second overvalues canceller.
And of course we're going to run it and we get that.
Now what happens if we Renton's they are on something like.
We both receive no.
Run it again.
Pretty straightforward.
But we will catalysis what we reject.
Which is the one that we found to be a little bit more and again both response variables are shown in
these letters also meaning that we don't have any reason to assume that he's going to be showing the
bias.
Finally the final one that we're going to chip is going to be left for one month.
And here we go again this is a pretty bad situation nothing in the world.
Good.
Now we're finished with the church building process of this project.
This was built for the sole purpose of identifying those columns in which the distributions are 2 or
even higher.
And even then and see whether or not those are small and even subsets contain both bodies that there
is proper.
And we have.
So we are very happy with our columns and we're going to move forward instead of the EPA which is looking
at the correlation of these independent fields with our response there.
Thank you very much for watching.
See you guys on the next.